plugins/kyverno-policy-reports/README.md, before:

# kyverno-policy-reports

Welcome to the kyverno-policy-reports plugin!

[![npm latest version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports-frontend/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports-frontend)

## Description

The `kyverno-policy-reports` frontend plugin for Backstage provides visibility into the Kyverno policy reports associated with a component. This plugin allows you to view policy reports, including details such as error counts, fail counts, pass counts, skip counts, and warning counts. It also provides a YAML viewer for each policy, including the ability to copy to clipboard the content or download the YAML file.

## Installation

If you want to enable the permission framework for this plugin, you must also install the kyverno-permissions backend plugin based on the [following doc](../kyverno-permissions-backend/README.md).

To install and configure the `kyverno-policy-reports` frontend plugin in your Backstage instance, follow these steps:

  * Add the package
  ```bash
  yarn --cwd packages/app add @terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports
  ```
  * Add to Entity Page (packages/app/src/components/catalog/EntityPage.tsx)
  ```javascript
  import { KyvernoPolicyReportsTable, KyvernoOverviewCard } from '@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports';
  
  ...
  const overviewContent = (
    <Grid container spacing={3} alignItems="stretch">

      ...

      <EntitySwitch>
        <EntitySwitch.Case if={isKubernetesAvailable}>
          <Grid item md={6}>
            <KyvernoOverviewCard />
          </Grid>
        </EntitySwitch.Case>
      </EntitySwitch>

      ... 

    </Grid>
  );

  const serviceEntityPage = (
    <EntityLayout>
      ...
      
      <EntityLayout.Route path="/kyverno-policy-reports" title="Kyverno Policy Reports">
        <KyvernoPolicyReportsTable />
      </EntityLayout.Route>

      ...
    </EntityLayout>
  );
  ```
If you are also using the Crossplane Plugins and want Kyverno policy reports for the Crossplane Claims and Composite resources you can add the relevant components like bellow:
```javascript
  import { KyvernoCrossplanePolicyReportsTable, KyvernoCrossplaneOverviewCard } from '@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports';
  
  ...
  const crossplaneOverviewContent = (
    <Grid container spacing={3} alignItems="stretch">

      ...

      <EntitySwitch>
        <EntitySwitch.Case if={isKubernetesAvailable}>
          <Grid item md={6}>
            <KyvernoCrossplaneOverviewCard />
          </Grid>
        </EntitySwitch.Case>
      </EntitySwitch>

      ... 

    </Grid>
  );

  const crossplaneEntityPage = (
    <EntityLayout>
      ...
      
      <EntityLayout.Route path="/kyverno-policy-reports" title="Kyverno Policy Reports">
        <KyvernoCrossplanePolicyReportsTable />
      </EntityLayout.Route>

      ...
    </EntityLayout>
  );
  ```
# Usage
Once installed and configured, the kyverno-policy-reports plugin will provide components for visualizing Kyverno policy reports in the Backstage UI.

You can see a high level table per cluster with the resources of this components results:
![img01](../../images/kyverno-01.png)

By clicking on a specific resource row, details will expand bellow:
![img02](../../images/kyverno-02.png)

You can click on the policy name, and get the full YAML of the policy which this result is made by:
![img03](../../images/kyverno-03.png)

You can also see a general overview of the results on the overview page of the component:
![img04](../../images/kyverno-04.png)

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request on GitHub.

# License
This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.

Commit message:

Add Kyverno Permissions Plugin and integration with Frontend

plugins/kyverno-policy-reports/README.md, after:

# kyverno-policy-reports

Welcome to the kyverno-policy-reports plugin!

[![npm latest version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports-frontend/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports-frontend)

## Description

The `kyverno-policy-reports` frontend plugin for Backstage provides visibility into the Kyverno policy reports associated with a component. This plugin allows you to view policy reports, including details such as error counts, fail counts, pass counts, skip counts, and warning counts. It also provides a YAML viewer for each policy, including the ability to copy to clipboard the content or download the YAML file.

## Installation

If you want to enable the permission framework for this plugin, you must also install the kyverno-permissions backend plugin based on the [following doc](../kyverno-permissions-backend/README.md).

To install and configure the `kyverno-policy-reports` frontend plugin in your Backstage instance, follow these steps:

  * Add the package
  ```bash
  yarn --cwd packages/app add @terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports
  ```
  * Add to Entity Page (packages/app/src/components/catalog/EntityPage.tsx)
  ```javascript
  import { KyvernoPolicyReportsTable, KyvernoOverviewCard } from '@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports';
  
  ...
  const overviewContent = (
    <Grid container spacing={3} alignItems="stretch">

      ...

      <EntitySwitch>
        <EntitySwitch.Case if={isKubernetesAvailable}>
          <Grid item md={6}>
            <KyvernoOverviewCard />
          </Grid>
        </EntitySwitch.Case>
      </EntitySwitch>

      ... 

    </Grid>
  );

  const serviceEntityPage = (
    <EntityLayout>
      ...
      
      <EntityLayout.Route path="/kyverno-policy-reports" title="Kyverno Policy Reports">
        <KyvernoPolicyReportsTable />
      </EntityLayout.Route>

      ...
    </EntityLayout>
  );
  ```
If you are also using the Crossplane Plugins and want Kyverno policy reports for the Crossplane Claims and Composite resources you can add the relevant components like bellow:
```javascript
  import { KyvernoCrossplanePolicyReportsTable, KyvernoCrossplaneOverviewCard } from '@terasky/backstage-plugin-kyverno-policy-reports';
  
  ...
  const crossplaneOverviewContent = (
    <Grid container spacing={3} alignItems="stretch">

      ...

      <EntitySwitch>
        <EntitySwitch.Case if={isKubernetesAvailable}>
          <Grid item md={6}>
            <KyvernoCrossplaneOverviewCard />
          </Grid>
        </EntitySwitch.Case>
      </EntitySwitch>

      ... 

    </Grid>
  );

  const crossplaneEntityPage = (
    <EntityLayout>
      ...
      
      <EntityLayout.Route path="/kyverno-policy-reports" title="Kyverno Policy Reports">
        <KyvernoCrossplanePolicyReportsTable />
      </EntityLayout.Route>

      ...
    </EntityLayout>
  );
  ```

## Configuration
* available config options:
```yaml
kyverno:
  enablePermissions: false # Whether to enable permission checks for the kyverno plugin.
```

# Usage
Once installed and configured, the kyverno-policy-reports plugin will provide components for visualizing Kyverno policy reports in the Backstage UI.

You can see a high level table per cluster with the resources of this components results:
![img01](../../images/kyverno-01.png)

By clicking on a specific resource row, details will expand bellow:
![img02](../../images/kyverno-02.png)

You can click on the policy name, and get the full YAML of the policy which this result is made by:
![img03](../../images/kyverno-03.png)

You can also see a general overview of the results on the overview page of the component:
![img04](../../images/kyverno-04.png)

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request on GitHub.

# License
This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.
